Most advertisers treat channels like
silos, but your buyers don't think in
platforms, they think in problems. In
this video, I'm going to teach you a
powerful cross channel remarketing
strategy that works with Google and
LinkedIn ads. If this is your first time
here, my name is Sylvia Perez and I'm
the founder of Ad Conversion. We are a
digital advertising academy and agency
with 5,000 plus B2B marketers taking our
free courses and $3 million a month in
ad spend under management for B2B SAS
brands.
Okay, so let's unpack this a bit, right?
So we want to make sure we are
maximizing all of the traffic you're
generating from Google ads. So if you're
bidding on high intent related keywords,
so for the sake of like demonstration,
let's just imagine you were bidding on
the keyword CRM platforms and it's
costing you uh let's say between you
know CRM platforms is really expensive.
So, let's say between $80 and $99 a
click for you. You know, maybe you're
bidding on something else, likely are,
but the I think we can all agree that
Google Ads is not getting any cheaper.
So, if you're dealing with $20 cost per
clicks, 50, 40, even $10 cost per
clicks, we want to make sure we maximize
the high intent traffic that we're
getting as much as possible. So, you're
bidding on these high intent keywords.
And then from here, you're driving this
traffic into a landing page. And you
know this landing page maybe it's
converting at 5 10%. If you're lucky if
you're you know if you're selling high
ticket B2B you're going upper mid-market
enterprise the conversion rates might be
a little bit lower than that and it
might be even harder to drive
substantial deal flow and conversion
rates from your Google ads traffic. So
you're driving all of these people to
this page despite you trying to optimize
the page. You know you're only getting
the conversions that you get. And one of
the biggest challenges in B2B
specifically that we have to deal with
as marketers is timing. It can be
exactly the right person, but it's the
wrong time. So staying top of mind is so
critical with B2B when you're dealing
with 3 to 36 month sales cycles. So one
really simple thing you can do to really
maximize the Google Ads traffic you're
getting is remarket that Google Ads
traffic on a platform like LinkedIn
where you know your buyers are. So for
context, what this would look like is I
have these ads, right? So let's just
assume this is an ad. This is my Google
ad. I'm driving this Google ad to my
landing page. People are not converting,
right? They're going from this landing
page and then they're bouncing right
now. And this is basically, you know,
sad face because you spent $80 a click
to get them here. They left and, you
know, maybe they see you again, maybe
they don't, uh, depending on if you have
remarketing set up. So, let's not hope
that this happens, that they see you
again. Let's make it happen. So, what
we're going to do instead is they're
going to come to this landing page. Here
on this landing page, you also have your
LinkedIn insight tag installed. So, the
LinkedIn pixel. If you don't do that,
you're going to have to do that. Uh, so
basically, you're going to want to make
sure you have your LinkedIn insight tag
installed on this page. So, now if this
person leaves, which most people will,
guess what? It's not just sad face. Uh
now when they go on they log into
LinkedIn. Now on LinkedIn, you can serve
them ads on LinkedIn to try to get them
to convert. Now the way you're going to
set this up is here in LinkedIn ads,
you're going to go to plan audiences,
create an audience, matched audience,
and we're going to select the website
option here. And here in the website
option, we're going to give this a name.
I always like to follow the same naming
convention. If you haven't been
following along with our remarketing
videos, uh definitely check out the
playlist below where I break all this
down. But just for the sake of speed,
it's going to be remarketing Google Ads
90D to reflect the time frame. I usually
recommend 90 days as a starting point.
Uh because traffic might be the biggest
limiter for you. So depending on how
much Google Ads traffic you're driving
to your website, right, that's going to
affect your your audience size as well
as how recently did you install the
LinkedIn ads insight pixel in your
website as well. So from here, 90 days.
What we're going to do is we're going to
select pages. And what I recommend that
you do is you just click manually enter
page URLs. If you don't see this option
here for you, just search something, you
know, like uh for context like search
anything and then you'll see the option.
It's usually buried at the bottom of the
page. And here what we're going to do is
we're going to do uh where a URL
contains and then you're going to put in
your UTM parameters to be able to
segment for your Google Ads traffic. So
for context UTM source equals Google and
the
uh let's say the UTM medium equals CPC.
So this is how I'm going to be able to
pull in all of my Google Ads traffic
now. And from here I can now click next
step. I can save it. And now I've got
this very high intent audience created
where I'm just retargeting Google Ads
traffic. If you find that you don't have
enough traffic from Google Ads to create
this segment, I recommend that you
expand it to 180 days versus 90 days to
give you more opportunity. And then in
addition to that, if it's still not
enough, then you're definitely going to
have to ramp up your Google Ads
investment to start to see this play
make sense. This usually works really
well for people who are actively
investing in Google Ads as a primary
channel. Um, and then the other thing
you could consider as well is don't just
have it be based on Google Ads traffic,
but you can also expand it to
include other pages as well. So you can
add an or rule where you can say other
pages like my case study page, you know,
my pricing page, etc. So then now you're
basically it's not just a Google ads uh
audience anymore. It's this very high
intent audience of case study visitors,
Google Ads visitors, uh, pricing page
visitors, demo page visitors that
haven't converted, etc. So, you can
create this really tight cluster and
then you can save it. And now, this is
going to set you up where when you're in
this situation now where people are
clicking on your Google Ads traffic like
they are today and they're going to the
page, you know, you don't just have this
going on where you just have a leaky uh
a leaky bucket, if you will, and you
know, there goes $80 down the drain. So,
at the very minimum, now you're driving
them into that remarketing audience and
you're being much more strategic about
it. And because you created this
specific segment, now you can tell them
different messaging, right? Versus if it
was just like a general remarketing
audience. So, for context, like if this
is Google Ads traffic, then I can
probably be a little bit more aggressive
with my messaging and I could focus on
these types of assets. So, these are
really great for driving conversion. So
for context like the types of ads if you
have the opportunity to use video now
you can promote explainer videos to this
traffic to try to see them you know
allow them to see the value of your
product. You can showcase different use
cases so different things that your
product solves that they'd find very
interesting and valuable. You could also
promote testimonials or UGC so that now
they're hearing how great your product
is from other people. And then finally
you could also do FAQs. So if there's a
lot of common questions that come up in
the sales process, you can create videos
around those questions and you can
promote those videos to your ICP as well
here on rem on LinkedIn. Now that you're
retargeting your Google Ads traffic, if
you don't have videos as an option, then
you can do the same thing but just like
in a in a document form through a
carousel or you could do the same thing
uh at a minimized version with images.
Another ad type that works really well
here is conversation ads where you can
send them a message directly in their
inbox asking them to convert. So all of
these things are opportunities that you
can now use where you didn't have them
before by not just setting up this very
simple segment. So I highly recommend
you guys give this a shot and you try it
out. Uh if you want to learn more about
LinkedIn, I highly recommend you come
check us out here at conversion.com. We
have free courses. We don't make any
money selling our courses. All of our
courses are free. We've got courses on
uh Reddit ads, Google ads, LinkedIn ads,
all of it here for you once you sign up.
And you can take our 101, 102, or 103
course here taught by Yonberg on
LinkedIn ads. So, if you want to dive
deeper on this, uh this is the best
content we could ever give you in terms
of mastering that topic. So, if you guys
found value in this video, if you can
help me out, give it a like, subscribe
to the channel if you're not already.
Greatly appreciate it. And if you want
to dive deeper into remarketing, then
check out the playlist that's linked so
that you can go deeper on all of this,
understand and master all of the
different segments of LinkedIn ads
remarketing, and really put this stuff
into practice. I'll see you in the next
one.